Add documents about karmada controllers (#1307)
karmada-io/karmada: docs/userguide/configure-controllers.md

<!-- START doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->
<!-- DON'T EDIT THIS SECTION, INSTEAD RE-RUN doctoc TO UPDATE -->
**Table of Contents**  *generated with [DocToc](https://github.com/thlorenz/doctoc)*

- [Configure Controllers](#configure-controllers)
  - [Controllers Overview](#controllers-overview)
  - [Configure Controllers](#configure-controllers-1)

<!-- END doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->

# Configure Controllers

Karmada maintains a bunch of controllers which are control loops that watch the state of your system, then make or 
request changes where needed. Each controller tries to move the current state closer to the desired state.
See [Kubernetes Controller Concepts][1] for more details.

## Controllers Overview

The controllers are embedded into component of `karmada-controller-manager` or `karmada-agent` and will be launched  

> along with components startup. Some controllers maybe shared by `karmada-controller-manager` and `karmada-agent`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
along with components startup. Some controllers may be shared by `karmada-controller-manager` and `karmada-agent`.
```
